Updated link for referencing signed data (#513)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: docs/guide/signing-data.md

`message`: Completely open to what you would like the structure of it to be. Every field is optional.

> Below is an example of signing typed data with MetaMask. Reference [here](https://github.com/MetaMask/test-dapp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of signing typed data with MetaMask. Reference [here](https://metamask.github.io/test-dapp/#signTypedDataV4)
```
